I have now put
You guys are on the Internet.
Just wait for bad luck
Something happened to the rich man
Takahashi uses his championship status
Slander you online
Now our company is affected.
Our stock market has started to fall
Someone else launched a life attack on you and Zhao Ruolan
Now a post that insults both of you
It's already spreading everywhere.
How do you know how good we are?
It doesn't matter.
Zhao Ruolan's results will come out soon
Then you will wait to be entertained and released
Oops step on my face again hey
I beg you to come and take my face
A bargain like Zhao Ruolan
handsome boy
Can't compare to my son
Ma Shoufu
I suggest you apologize to us now.
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.